MX-1182 Update PR template to call out minimization of mocks (#722)
BoltApp/bolt-magento2: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Successfully tested on a staging or sandbox server
- [ ] Successfully tested on a merchant's staging server

# For PR Reviewer 

> - [ ] Reviewed to make sure we are using real compnenets rather than mocks as much as pssoble?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Reviewed to make sure we are using real components rather than mocks as much as possible?
```

Reviewer: I'd also maybe preface this with (In Unit Tests)
